Hello, Parkser. Parkser. [music]
Hello, Douglas. Douglas.
>> All right, I'm going to share my screen.
This might give you audio. You might
have to mute it.
>> Oh, this is very loud. Okay, I muted it.
I will add my own music on top of this.
[clears throat]
>> Okay. Excellent.
>> I'm going to mute you. Okay. So, today
I'll be playing lockout bingo versus
Parkser. It's like normal bingo, except
that if one player takes a spot on the
board, the other player is now locked
out of that spot. And you win if you get
five spots in a row or if you get 13 out
of 25 total spots. The twist here is
that I don't have anything planned. We
woo wee woo.
>> We woo wee [music] woo.
>> We woo wee woo. So now Big P and I are
going to sit down with chat and come up
with all 25 of our goals.
>> If Pa is Big P, does that mean Doug has
a little
>> Hold on. Let's talk about my penis.
Okay, real quick. Is it in your pants?
>> Parkser, why don't you relay an explicit
detail what we were talking about?
>> I don't know if I believe your story.
>> What do I need to do to back it up? I've
offered to show you my penis and you say
no.
>> No, I need like a [music] photograph of
the not your penis. I need a photograph
of like the box on top of your thing. I
I mean on top of your crotch area on the
thing. Quick explanation here. I
recently had a moment at TSA in the
airport where my penis kept getting
flagged as metal. This happens to me all
the time when I fly. Literally all the
time. And when I asked the TSA agent, I
was like, "Hey, why does this keep
happening?" She said, and I quote,
"You're just blessed." There is no way
that she actually said that.
>> This did actually happen. Now, is my
penis made out of bombs? [music]
Probably not. But I swear on my penis
that this woman did say this at the TSA
and that my crotch constantly gets
flagged for being metal. Do you have
witnesses?
>> The other TSA guy that was there, I
guess.
>> Do you have a witness who I [music] can
summon like like in a deposition? No.
Next time, let's go through the airport
together through the pores line and
we'll both get [music] our crotches
scanned and we'll see if I get flagged
again because of my blessed nature. Why
do you call it the pores line? [music]
That's what the lady called it. She
said, "Wow, you're really blessed for
being a poor person."
>> Oh my god.
>> What?
>> I know why you set it off. It's because
you are wearing a metallic chassity
cage. Oh, right, [music] right. I dummy,
silly me, forgot about the gigantic
chesty metal belt that I'm wearing, the
steel frame that projects 2 feet around
my body. I completely forgot to take
that off the last 30 times. I've gone
through TSA.
>> Okay, problem solved. Now, we can move
on to the next topic. All right, we need
to come up with ideas. They need to be
things that we can do at our computers,
respectively. This isn't like go out
into Los Angeles and kill a guy. Okay,
that's a good idea. Okay. Get someone
who hasn't heard it to believe the Doug
Doug penis story. Great idea, Admirable.
>> Get AI to give you a valid answer to a
financial question.
>> Don't say the word AI. [laughter]
Okay. Don't say the word AI for 30
straight minutes. He said both of our
chats can just try to bring it up a lot.
Who can be quiet the longest? literally
just stare at the [laughter] camera for
5 minutes silently.
>> First to set off a metal detector with
only their penis.
>> Look, let's make sure we can both have a
chance at this. Wikipedia race. What
would it be? Doug dog to penis.
[laughter]
Hold on. I feel like we'll get in
trouble. Let me see what the Wikipedia
page for penis looks like. Yeah. Okay.
No, we cannot show the penis. Wikipedia
page. Sorry. Dog dog to TSA. Make Point
Crow donate to charity. [laughter]
That's so funny. Bro, can you do me a
[laughter] favor?
>> First to pay their [__]
You [__] know I would do this. This
is not fair because Parker would
definitely not do this. Okay. All right.
We have 25. Like, we're pretty good, I
think. And so finally, we have all 25
goals, which are stare at the camera
silently for five minutes, predict four
coin flips in a row, watch a horse race
on YouTube, and pick the winning horse,
get 10 questions correct on a sixth
grade math test, recite 20 decimals of
pi for memory, roll a d20, and get a 20.
You can only try this every 3 minutes.
Speedrun from Dougdug to TSA on
Wikipedia. Make Point Crow. Donate
$1,000 to charity. Get Point Crow to say
on stream that he's working on a new
Zelda multiplayer mod. Disclaimer for
[music] Nintendo. This is not true. Get
someone to believe the Doug Doug TSA
penis story. Get Twitch chat to vote
that you should get this face. Run a
chat poll and end with exactly 50/50
split votes. Get your viewership to drop
by 20%. Order a pizza with zero toppings
and eat a slice on stream. Chat votes
who is more fashionable. Photoshop a
picture of the other person that makes
them laugh out loud. Get banned in the
other person's chat. Don't say the word
AI [music] for 30 straight minutes. Get
a quarter space on the board. Beat the
average score in two random sparkle
quizzes in a row. Scroll through YouTube
shorts until you see a cooking video.
Win a game of mind sweeper. Buy a gift
online for the other person, which 80%
of chat must agree it's a good gift.
Draw a 95% correct circle on Neil.f fun.
And finally, apply to Harvard. And of
course, we needed some stakes for this
challenge. [music] Everything is at
stake. Parker, what are we putting on
the line?
But the first thing that came to my mind
is to say your penis. [laughter]
My penis is on the line. Wait, what does
that mean exactly? Could you clarify? I
don't even know. This reminds me of how
you told me a few weeks ago that
somebody told you in your work Slack
that there was an issue and you replied,
"Oh, beans." And then realized I've been
crushing your brain. So, we decided that
the loser of this match has to buy the
winner a can of beans. Holy [__] And
with that, our bingo board is set. First
of 13 goals wins this entire thing. Here
we go. Why don't you count us down? 1 Z.
Wait, actually, are we going? Wait, hold
on. Wait, wait. I need a timer.
>> That was the countdown.
>> No, hold on.
>> We're already started.
>> We're not starting. Hold on. Just pause.
Started.
>> Did you actually start?
>> Yes. You told me to do the countdown, so
I did the countdown.
>> OKAY, FINE. GO, GO, GO, GO, GO. OKAY,
BEANS. WHAT DO WE DO? GET TIME DOWN THE
OTHER PERSON'S CHAT. F, can you time me
out? 100 gifted to my channel. I time
you out right now. We'll come back to
that. NONE OF MY MODS BETTER TIME OUT.
PARKER, [music]
what percent do I need? I need 95%. We
do Wikipedia race. This is easy. Okay.
Doug Doug. Uh, we go Los Angeles.
Do I not know what a circle looks like?
Oh, 95. 95.2. Okay, got that. He already
got 90. What? He already got the circle.
Get 50% [music] on each option. Start
poll. Okay, I have created a poll. The
objective here is for there to be 50% of
people on each section. Meanwhile, I
will do mind sweeper.
Wait, how do you play mind sweeper?
Aerospace Corporation. This will get me
to airport at least. Congress TRW. I
literally Airplane. Dude,
>> don't forget to roll a D20.
>> Oh, shoot. You're right.
Okay, I got an 18. If everyone stops
voting right now, they'll be exactly
50/50. Excellent. 50%. We'll do I feel
like I had an advantage on that one. End
with exactly 50/50 split and then get a
corner space on the board. How on earth
did he get a 50/50 split correctly
predict four coin flips in a row? Heads.
Heads.
Okay, there's four coin flips in a row.
There is no way he got Is this real? You
actually got four coin flips in a row.
>> Uh, it's on my VOD. I literally just got
it on my first try.
>> Jesus Christ. Okay,
>> this is the timer for the word that I'm
not supposed to say. Wings fuselage
blended. Oh my god. Okay. Environmental
effects.
>> What else is easy? Recite 20 decimal.
3.141592653589793238462643383.
That's more than 20, right? Okay,
there's 20. [laughter]
He just got another one. Recite 20
death. What?
Where the [__] is TSA, dude? Terrorism.
Okay, we're going to 9/11. Prevent
anti-terrorism act. [music]
Homeland Security Sky. Wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait. Okay. All right. Hold
on. Hold on. HOLD ON. TRANS TSA. YES. Oh
my god. Okay. We are very far behind. We
got one. I got one. All right. Look.
Parkser has one mod. It's funny. Okay.
If I go to your Twitch fummy and I tell
everybody to follow, that's worth timing
me out. Yeah. 10 gifted. Fine. gift a
sub. Bum me. I just gift you the subs. I
feel like you should ban me. Gift you 10
subs. Everybody's following you.
I'm timed out. Let's go. LET'S GO. HUGE.
HUGE. HUGE. HUGE. OKAY. GET timed out in
the other person's chat is officially
done. Okay. Fashion competition. Let's
not worry about that. Apply to Harvard.
Sixth grade math. I think we do sixth
grade math. What does a product mean?
What is a pro? Do I multiply it? Oh my
god. How many questions are Do I have to
do all of them and get all of them right
or 10 of them right? Okay, let me find a
different one. fashion competition.
Okay, math test. Here we go. What's the
product? It would be C. That's
definitely correct. In the coordinate
plane, the point located at -34 was
reflected as now located 34. What
statement disguises the point reflected
reflected across the Y ais? That's
correct.
The only thing that I have handy are
just a lot of belts. Is he still doing
it? What is he doing?
Parkser is doing a fashion show. Wait, I
think I I think I tightened some of
these.
>> Too tight.
>> No, this is wrong. 16W. This is wrong.
Wait. 6 W2. What is 6W2? I'm actually
dumb.
>> Horse race. I should have been watching
this while I was putting on my belt.
>> They're all in line. We're ready for the
start.
>> Okay, we're ready for the start.
>> They're off.
>> We will wait. Stop. I vote for horse 12
in the Kentucky Derby.
>> Herkshire's doing the horse race.
Okay.
>> Where is Oh my god. 12 is last place.
The guy wearing green is last place.
Divide 2 over 16. So 1/3 divided by 1.
So it's 1/3 in total. That's the answer.
That's wrong. What? How is this wrong? 2
* 1 over 6 = 2 over 6. Oh my god, I'm
dumb. No, it does not me that at all.
[laughter]
Okay, that means 136 equals 26 over 30.
I pick number four.
Okay, number two. One. I did not. Uh,
sparkle quizzes.
>> Did I get 10 right? Quick gut chat. I
think I have 10 right.
>> Random quiz. I don't know. Directors.
Random quiz. TV shows. Missing Gwords.
Next. Five andg3. So it' be here. This
would be the triangle. This is I've
definitely done 10 now, ladies and
gentlemen. Can we admit it? Can we say
it? Can I say it? [__] incredible at
math. 10 closest capitals to Washington
DC
of other countries. What else is there
for me to do easily? Oh, pizza. Make
Point Crow donate to charity. Okay, I
can knock out so many if point Crow
picks up right now. Come on. Come on.
Come on. Come on. Point Crow.
>> Brother. Hello,
>> brother. I'm on stream right now. As a
heads up, you have a minute.
>> I am also on stream right now. And I do
have a minute.
>> Okay. I've got a quick little favor for
you. Can you donate $1,000 to charity
right now?
>> Uh, yeah.
>> Oh, charity. Um, can I choose the
charity or?
>> Yeah. Yeah, you can choose charity.
>> Oh, really? Okay, cool. Let's go for the
Trevor Project. [music]
>> Very nice. Love it. You know what?
Because this is not technically part of
the rules, I will even pay for 500 of
that after the fact.
>> Really? Really? Okay. You have to do the
donation, but I will donate the 500. So,
we're split it in on it.
>> Can I ask what this is for? We're just
like donating to charity.
>> Uh, mostly I was just thinking in the
middle of the stream, man. Point Crow is
such a great guy. I bet he wants to
donate to a wonderful cause. That's the
main thing. But also, Parker and I are
doing a lockout bingo and one of the
spots is make Point Crow donate $1,000
to charity.
>> Wait, really?
>> Yeah. [laughter]
>> Wait, what?
>> Yeah. SO, THANK YOU SO MUCH, POINT CROW,
for the incredibly generous donation to
the Trevor Project.
>> Okay. Yay!
Original create your own normal cut,
normal bake, no sauce, no cheese, and I
added no toppings. Place order. Orders
on the way. Should be here in about 15
minutes. Dude, I just have like 30 more
seconds.
>> Yeah, I got about like 30 more seconds.
>> Okay, I'm going to tell you a story,
okay? And I swear this is true, dude.
You got to believe me. Every time I go
through TSA, I go through the thing
where you hold your hands up, right? And
I come out and they say there's a metal
spot next to my, excuse my language, my
dong hole. Okay. You know, I've seen
your crotch, right? Like, you know, like
I like this isn't
>> Oh, that's true. You have unironically
seen my junk.
>> I have actually genuinely seen this.
>> Okay, so this time when I got back from
New York this last week, I said to the
TSA guy, "Look, I don't understand
what's going on. This happens every
single time. Do you have any idea what's
going on?" And then there was a woman
who was manning the thing like a few
feet away and she's kind of over is
overhears us and she said, "You're just
blessed.
>> You're ble You're blessed.
[music]
My interpretation of what she said is
that she's implying that I am well
wellendowed, not that I have metal in my
junk.
>> Oh, well, I've Oh, I've seen your I've
seen your Wait, no, wait. Okay, this is
a lie.
>> Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
>> This is You're just lying to me now.
>> Grown and I did go to an onen in Japan
where you are naked. We [laughter] have
technically bathed together naked. Okay,
look. First off, it was very cold in
that sauna. Secondly, [laughter]
>> yeah, it was pretty cool in the sauna.
You're right. You're right. You're
right. Yeah,
>> this woman did say that I was blessed.
Okay. And I just need you to believe me
that this woman thinks that I'm blessed.
>> I don't I don't know about that,
brother. I I don't I don't know. I don't
know about that.
>> YOU DON'T BELIEVE THAT? COME ON. LIKE,
DUDE.
>> OH, viewership drop 20%. So, that would
be we need to get below 741.
Raid [music] Doug. Oh, right. Okay,
that's fine. Look, last thing I got to
ask. Just a quick thing. Could you just
[music] say just really quickly on
stream that you are working on a new
Zelda multiplayer mod?
[music]
>> I'm not though. [laughter]
>> It's like a funny.
EXCUSE ME. I CAN'T.
>> THAT'S LIKE A FUNNY LITTLE BIT FOR
STREAM, RIGHT? Isn't that a haha funny
thing?
>> I don't know about that one, you know.
>> Slash raid dog. Okay, I'm at 9:26
right now.
>> You know, I can I I'm working on a Tears
to the Kingdom.
>> I'm sorry.
>> Challenge right now.
>> Hold on. I'm so sorry.
>> What? What are What are you Are you
having a stroke? Uh Parkser raided me
and my raid alert went off. Is he not
streaming anymore? What just happened?
>> Oh, CUZ HE'S LOSING HIS VIEWERS. NO. NO.
THAT'S SO SMART. OH, 520. 520. It
worked. I'm down to 520 on my end. It
worked. Viewership dropped by 20%.
Excellent. Okay. One of the spots is to
try to lose your 80% of your viewers
here. If you open my stream, you can see
the board. I just think you should
consider this spot right here at the
bottom middle. Okay.
>> Get point on stream to say that he's
working on a new Zelda multiplayer mod.
>> Hello, Doug.
>> You technically just said it.
>> THAT'S CRAZY. YOU JUST SAID IT. I AM
KILLING THAT.
POINT GIRL, YOU are an amazing friend.
Even though you don't think I'm blessed
down there, [music] I just want to say
how much I appreciate you and your
generosity.
>> Good luck, brother. Thanks, Point Bro.
Have a great stream. Okay, okay, okay.
Huge, huge, huge play. Oh, incognito
YouTube shorts. How do I mute mute?
Okay, scroll. Okay, he's going for
shorts. I'm going to go for shorts, too.
I'm going to go for shorts, too. That's
not cooking. That's not cooking. What
the hell is that? That's not cooking.
That's not cooking. That's not cooking.
That's not cooking. Is that cooking?
Hold on. Hold on. Dog cooking. Dogs
can't cook. I know. Dogs can't cook. Uh,
no. Nope. Is he cooking the watermelon?
Oh my god. They're just eating.
>> Wait, was that cook? Why is it skipping?
Why would it let me watch this? This is
cooking. LET ME WATCH IT.
>> That is not cooking.
No. No. Has he gotten it yet? Cookie,
cookie, cookie, cookie, cookie. It's
literally called cooking in short. I get
it. I get it. I get it. I get it. I get
it. I get it. I get it. Boom. Got it.
Done. Has Doug made any progress? Oh, he
already did the shorts one. Okay. D20.
Good reminder. D20. Roll. And
13. A pizza. Did he order a pizza? DOES
ANYBODY KNOW IF BARKSER ordered a pizza
with nothing on it? He did order it.
Wait, if he ordered it, I can snipe it
and take the pizza before he gets it.
That's cheating. You have to order it.
No, no, no. Hold on. What's it say? Oh,
it says order a pizza. Crap. You're
right. Okay, let me check on my order.
Order got delayed. Great. Call my mom
and tell her the TSA thing. I'm going to
call my mom.
>> Hey, honey.
>> Hey, Mom. Are you okay if I chat with
you on stream briefly? I'm that type.
>> So, is it okay if I tell you a quick
story?
>> Sure.
>> Okay. So, I keep going to TSA over the
last two years when I go to the airport
and they always, you know, after going
through the metal detector thing, they
always show that there's metal being
shown near my
penis.
Okay, got that. I will now stare at the
camera for 5 minutes. And she said,
"You're just blessed.
your last.
>> Yeah. Like
>> like you were born with a a a metal
penis.
>> No, not metal. Presumably, she was
implying that it was large, Mom.
>> Oh,
and that's getting you flagged at the
airport.
>> Apparently, I am so blessed that I keep
getting flagged at the TSA airport.
Okay, let me
>> be proud.
>> Thank you, Mom. Do you believe me that
this actually happened?
>> Do I believe you? Yeah.
>> No.
>> Wait, are you serious? You don't?
>> Mom, I Okay, I have to convince somebody
that this is true on my stream today.
Mom, I swear to God it's true.
>> You swear on the life of your first
child that it's true.
>> I swear on the life of my first child.
>> All right. I believe you. Oh, so that is
your
>> Okay. Thanks so much, Mom.
>> I believe you.
>> Okay. Thank you, Mom. I LOVE YOU. BYE.
YES. MY MOM THINKS I HAVE A BIG DICK.
[screaming]
WOO! MY MOM FINALLY loves me. But
Parkser just won the d20 roll. Hey 20.
And he started a chat vote and began
staring silently at the camera. Wait,
hold on. Um,
[laughter]
[__] Okay, so I began a photoshop of
Parker to try to make him laugh. What
else can I do to make him a pig?
>> So, do we call him pork now?
>> Okay, five minutes. Oh, and I got the
yes as well. Okay. Okay.
Pizza is on the way. Should be here in 4
minutes. I really hope they actually
gave me a plain pizza.
>> Order a pizza, then steal paras. Who
says the one that came first wasn't
yours?
>> That's a good point. But then we
realized that there's a pizza loophole.
I'm going to play risky. I'm going to
order a pizza so that I can try to steal
his and eat the pizza first. Okay, I'm
writing at the bottom. I know it's a
weird request, but can you please make
the pizza with literally no toppings and
no cheese and no sauce? Just a disc of
cooked bread. Thank you. [laughter]
This is so [__] up. Parker won the 95.
No. No.
>> Pizza and 4 minutes. Doug, steal it.
>> 4 minutes till pizza. Okay.
>> Go intercepted like 1 to 2 [music]
minutes before he does. You have a huge
time gap then.
>> Okay. I think I go now. I think I go
now. I got to get the pizza. If I steal
his, I [__] win. [laughter]
I got it. I got it. I went outside. I
went outside.
We [__] outplayed him so hard, dude.
There's cheese on it. Okay, pizza is
here. Let me go get the pizza. Does it
matter? Order a pizza with zero
toppings. Eat a slice on stream. Bottoms
up.
>> Wait, it has cheese on it. So, first of
all, you need to be the one to order it.
So,
>> no, I order a pizza. I order pizza.
>> I put no cheese and no sauce, and it
seems like uh they added cheese on it
anyway.
>> Part says, "Order a pizza with zero
toppings, eat a slice on screen." I have
done both of those things.
>> Wait, so your your pizza is on the way?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. Well, I mean, I guess if yours
actually shows up with no cheese on it,
like no toppings, then you did it. If
not, then we have to order a pizza
again.
>> Okay, deal. If my pizza shows up and it
has absolutely nothing on it, I won.
>> Correct. Oh, by the way, Parker, since
you're here, check out this image. What
do you think?
>> That is not making me laugh.
>> All right, fine. Guys, when I got the
pizza, I like was standing at the side
of the road. The car just got even like
near my apartment. I like made eye
contact. I waved at him and I started
[laughter] beling at his car. It was the
most aggressive waiting for a Door
Dasher of all time.
>> That's why the photo was so weird. The
delivery confirmation photo.
>> Yeah. What did he send? I I went and met
the guy at his car. He sent a picture of
the curb, an empty curb. [laughter]
>> Oh, cuz cuz he handed it to me and I
just literally sprinted away. I took it
from his hands [laughter] and started
sprinting.
So, he didn't have a picture.
>> The score is now 7 to 10. Next up is the
fashion show where Twitch chat will vote
on whose outfit is better. I think I
have put on my fashionable attire and we
must now
>> Hold on. I got you a gift.
>> What is the gift?
>> I sent you a confirmation of it. Over
80% of my chat thought that olive oil
would be a good gift for you. So, I got
you the PJ [music] Cabos 2025 gold award
winner. Very high finale [music]
USDA organic Greek extravirgin olive
oil.
>> All right, well played. Thank you for
the lovely gift part, sir. Uh, anything
you want to say or show to my chat
before they saw the tie in the belt?
>> No, that's it. All of my clothing looks
the same. I basically just have pants,
shorts, and t-shirts. So, this is the
only thing that I could add. I am very
accessorized. I have a python belt, a
calf belt, a saltwater hornback
crocodile belt, a bison belt, a stingray
belt, a regular leather belt, another
regular cow leather belt, and another
stingray belt with a black skinny tie.
These are the only accessories that I
own.
All right, well played. I think it's a
little, I'm [clears throat] going to be
honest, a little out of style, but
that's okay. For your consideration,
chat, first an otter suit for the
incredible honor of Rosa the sea otter.
And on top of that, a real suit. And to
honor our aquatic furry friends.
[music]
I can't actually see you. I should
probably go look at you. Hold on.
You are definitely winning.
>> Yeah.
>> Parker, my mom thinks I have a big dick.
>> She thinks or she
>> she believes that I think that. Okay,
that is fine. Congratulations.
>> Yeah,
score. It's now 8 to1 11. Parkser only
needs two more to win. So, I need to
both get more spots and stop him from
beating any of his goals. All right,
what should I do next? What should I do
next? A game of Mind Sweeper's 30
seconds.
Oh, Beans, you're right. We should do
Mind Sweeper, right? Mind Sweeper.
That's not 30 seconds. I'm locking
number eight. Oh, go two. I'm locking
number two. I want to do sparkle
quizzes. This is freaking me out.
No, eight is first. Eight is in the
lead.
There's the worst pizza ever.
>> Oh,
this is scary, man. I don't like it. I'm
scared.
>> Oh my. Wait, did Wait, did did two win?
Did two win? Was that Did two make a
comeback? It was actually two. Oh my
god, my chat carried me. It's two.
Two-1. Okay. Okay, horse race. I can't
do anything here, right? So, I just have
to make a 50/50.
Okay, I got lucky. I have to do another
50/50 here. This is stupid. Okay, I'm
not doing this. This is This is dumb. He
won horse. He picked a winning horse.
All right, I got to get Sporle. Sparkle
is the harder one. I think Sporal is my
best chance. Or I guess mind sweeper. I
don't think I'm good at mind sweeper.
I feel like I don't have the patience
for this.
Okay, I just got the pizza if you want
to look at the reveal on my stream.
Okay,
>> this is for my ninth point.
>> It's like naan. [laughter]
>> Oh my god.
It's not cheese, right? It's just
literally just bread.
>> It's just naan. I'm just eating naan.
Okay, you got that?
>> If you want any of my naan, let me know.
>> Yeah, I guess I'll have some.
Okay, go. I need to find a really easy
quiz. Dude, this is all sports and
celebrities. I don't know any of this
[__] man. I don't know celebrities or
sports. The office.
Okay.
Just kidding. Why' I even try? Who are
who are these people? I guess we're
applying for Harvard. Jack Reacher, nine
lives. Super
super 7. I don't know. Fake person
generator. Bdett Herz. Create account.
What is he doing? He's applying to
Harvard. Oh, beans. Welcome, Berdette.
[laughter]
Is that his fake name?
He's at 12. He needs one more. I have to
stop him from getting to Harvard. I have
to do every single thing he's doing, but
faster. I've got to apply to Harvard.
Harvard. [music] Start application.
First year student harvard@dougdug.com.
Beans. Beans. I was born 125 years ago.
Harvard Avenue. [laughter] We'll just I
just pretend I already live there. That
way they're more likely to let me go to
school. Harvard apps are closed.
Click on review. Submit. It says closed.
So it it's just actually just not
doable. Oh my god. Okay. Okay. I think
he's actually going to get stuck. He's
giving up. He's going for Sparkle. Okay.
I have to beat him to Sporal. He gave up
on Harvard. We're giving up on Harvard.
The Great Suicides. Oh, the Great G. I
know that one. the
version zone. That's a marble. That's a
DC probably. I don't know. I'm not
throwing. I don't know who. This is an
old president. Okay, I got I beat the
score. I beat the score. I got 78.
Average is 76. I actually steal this
from Big P.
They average 84. Buttercup Roberts. Is
that Tangled? Uh, Tangled. Oh my god,
that's not okay. I don't know who
Buttercup is. The Notebook. Suffering
from excessive eating or drinking. Is
there a thing that says that I cannot
use Google? Wait, there's nothing saying
that I can't use Google.
Fat Albert, sorry, I looked at chat very
briefly, which I can't do cuz that's
cheating. And I saw Fal Albert define
petulant irritated or annoying. Ber is
using Google. He [music] obviously
cannot wait. You can't you can't use
Google. The rules didn't specify that.
Chat said it was okay, but in the
process of me using Google, my timer ran
out, so I lost the quiz. Boy,
>> if that's the rules we're doing, I'm
totally down. I'm on board. Dana Bankman
Ghostbusters. It's allowed. Parts are in
first. I wasn't going to cheat. Pick the
Sims character completely change a
different color. What does that even
mean? This guy. This guy. What different
color is he? Oh, the clothing. Buttercup
Roberts. The Princess Bride. Sandy Zuko
movie. Grease. This is not her blanket,
right? No, that was okay. Doug already
won. Sporal. Okay. Mind sweeper. I guess
he did not win. Okay, everyone is giving
me wrong information. Ilsa Lazlo
movie Casablanca. Oh my god. 91% 64.
BOOM. GOT IT. LET'S GO. I just need to
prevent him from getting one more and I
can do this. Beat two random sparkle
quizzes. I'm at 10. And then it just
comes down to who can apply to Harvard.
There are online Mind Sweeper tools you
can use to solve it for you.
>> He's cheating at MIND SWEEPER. NO. 3100.
Oh my god. We technically didn't say you
can't cheat. I think I can beat him at
it by going in real time cuz he'll have
to literally manually type it all out.
I'm just going to win the oldfashioned
way.
Shall [__] beans. Okay. What's the
green flag? Oh, means it's safe. Okay.
Okay. He doesn't even know how my
sweeper works. We can do this. I just
have to be better than him. And then
check this one.
It told me to check this one.
He failed. We're so back. One, two, one.
The middle is always safe. Here. The
middle is safe. But it could be here.
Oh, I get what you mean. That's safe. I
get it. I get it. I'm smarter. I'm
getting smarter. Okay. Use the export
button. What does the export button do?
Funny me. If I click this and I resets,
I'm going to be so tilted. I'm going to
do in a different window. Okay. I That
is not helpful.
>> Okay, I got to slow down. I I just got
to just [__] chill. Everybody's
freaking out. We got to stop freaking
out. I'm freaking out. Is there anything
here? Is this anything, chat? Is this
anything? This has three. This has
three. I go here. Here. Here. That That
goes there.
>> For the love of God, Doug, export the
same. You can't blow this. [music]
>> What does that mean? Export to the I
don't know what that means. Is that
going to [__] this up? If I click
export, will it stop working? Test
[music] it on a different tab. Okay, I
copied it. Wait, hold on. If I can copy
it and paste it, then that means I can
just guess, right? I can just cheat. I
click there. It doesn't matter cuz I
import this. I load.
Why can't I load it?
[singing]
>> What? You didn't copy the full thing. I
beat one. I put it in the general
Discord. Download this. Sure. There's a
text. It doesn't say to apply for a
position as a student facilities
manager. Okay. Apply.
>> Import. Load game.
>> No, hold on. This is finished. YOU HAVE
TO OH, IT'S NOT. HOLD ON. HOLD ON. HOLD
ON. HOLD ON. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, HOLD.
OKAY. All right, guys. I think this is
it. I only have one left. Ready, SET,
GO. I DID IT. AND I did it the
oldfashioned way. No cheating for me.
The score is now 12 to 11. Okay, I need
a stress na.
Get a job. Go.
>> Apply for a job. Apply to be a janitor
for a job. Apply to
>> janitor job at Harford.
>> He's applying to Harvard. [__] HE'S
APPLYING AS A FACILITIES MANAGER. HE'S
THE facilities manager at Walmart. [__]
Okay. Harvard janitor application.
>> Yes. Yes.
Submit
and applied. Uh, did I did I win?
Uh, I believe I won. [sighs]
Is is Doug like crying?
>> Wait, hold on. People are saying that
you cheated [music] on multiple things
>> on Mind Sweeper. I did. Yeah, but I
didn't get it.
>> I feel that I cannot complain because I
blatantly cheated on multiple things.
Congratulations, Parkser.
>> Wait, what did you cheat on? You
cheated.
>> I would like to propose something,
Parker. I pull up a random horse race on
YouTube. I get horse number one. You get
every other horse. If my horse wins, I
win the entire event and you owe me
beans. Otherwise, I owe you two cans of
beans. Are you down or are you a coward?
I [laughter]
>> I will do it. I will take your double or
nothing.
>> Ready? This is for all the beans. One,
two, three, go. All right. Come on.
Number one. Come on. Number one. Let's
go.
>> Where's number two?
>> Number one is teal. Actually, number
one's looking good. Okay. Three is
getting ahead. That's fine. Number one,
[music] what we like to do, we like to
wait. Oh god, he's falling so far
behind. Actually, number one's starting
to speed. Hold on. Hold on. We're
[__] We're not [__]
>> Yeah, you are.
>> Hold on. Watch one right now. Watch one
right now.
>> One sucks.
>> Where even is he? He's taking a nap.
>> He is about to take off and put nitro
boost.
>> Second to last place.
>> God damn it. Hold on. Wait. No, he's
not. Hold on. Hold on. Speeding up.
Speeding up.
>> NO, HE'S NOT.
>> SPEEDING UP.
>> SPEEDING. OH, BEANS.
>> BEANS.
>> Double beans.
>> I'm going to swim in beans.
>> Well, your horse sucked.
>> Well, perkser. Well,
are you eating the pizza?
>> Let's just say tonight block out the
rest of your schedule. It's beans with
the boys. Am I right? I don't know.
You're definitely not wrong. Literally
yesterday walked into the guest room
where you are. And I said, "We're going
to do a fart speedrun later in your
room. We're going to eat beans and the
first person to fart." I literally said
that.
>> Yes, you literally said that.
>> Okay, Parker. I'll see you in your room
in about 30 minutes.
>> All right, everybody. Thanks for joining
Park Ser.
God, I can't wait to rip. And so I ran
off to the store, literally to buy the
best beans I could find. And now I would
do everything but play the best beans of
my life. To the victor goes the spoils.
You smell sweaty. I had to run to get
you these beans, Parker.
Enjoy.
[music]
They're very salty. He loves it. [music]
What is the green stuff? Why is it so
bitter? Why does this spoon smell so
bad? What are these chips? What is that?
Why is it aruga bitter? Did you actively
scout out the worst chips you could
possibly find? I was expecting like two
different kinds of beans.
This is insanely salty.
Uh-oh. I'm spilling bean juice on
myself. Parser, do you feel like a
winner? No. At this point, I wish I had
lost.